with you channel helpful tips and
devices for giving and home and my
the most such
1 subscriber Barry Stankin twice already
asked me filmed inspection pit here
somehow I could not do it in principle
there is nothing like this pit
supernaturally super smart usually pit
these pits and I have 2 at the dacha garages
his talk is the same and try something
invent a new drawing thought out even
I thought that in a hole
if for the line here was specifically
would such
a row of stairs from here and go down into the pit
but thought let it remain so
simple
if it was a repair shop
cars up you can think about
cool Anna and so for your
car is enough for the head
the construction is very simple simple
dug hole
lined with brick then here's a corner
in piled on it lay pine
boards are not shields but one by one why
that we need a small space
dare there 3 4 boards i know people do
shields but hard to carry and think so
dostochku one delayed 2 delayed and all
ok you have enough mean
the width of this pit 80 centimeters is she
I saw a corner here so a cad corner
81 cm
volume when boards remove boards walls easily
easily jammed
so look well, then this little bit
turned 100 km from and inside it
the inside but 67 centimeters of this
comfortable enough to feel there
work afterwards
pit length 280 why is it 80 could
do like the length and but here's how
time the basement boundary goes even a crack
went such a brick supply too lay out
look here for padvana 2 climb
type why is this link and we are with
head if let's say I shot here
I bring the gearbox here like
time I get rear axle then
eat instead eat and take off wheels and semi
Vasya pull out and dismantle the gimbal and
gearbox and it was all articles
left the car on the goats in
lake repair came again lot
silencer is valid if I silencer
or climb under someone I stop by
usually back and how you can ride
car a little bit backward this
that's already quite a size as to
he is universal and normal do not need
dig a lot put it away
but I say if a personal pit is made
for car repair on this
earn that
the pit is preferably long
and then there is such a ladder from
welded stationary see enough
I grabbed a bar here because there
that uvolok 63 costs and then the board 40 here for
bill of this bar
Mind becomes but it is flush
then there's sawdust there
because when you change the oil all but
something yes spilled yes and old mats
automobile lie only shed immediately
sawdust glasses
collected all threw away all the affairs of rubber
keep old is useful on pajero
maybe when so here as always
know it dug like a plushkin and all on
keep it because you are not sure
tomorrow
Well, so it works, everything is simple and
effectively need to completely removed all the boards
and walk yourself Automobile repair
so here's a checkup
pits yes another depth pits yes
each must make for their growth here
need to do as i count i think
do a little bit deeper even better then
can some kind of shield be put or something
still such but if you do in the butt
someone tall will climb him
uncomfortable working in this me
but such pits are doing purely for themselves
right here I have a sixty meter depth
and that's not enough with my meter
seventy seven growth need something
put it so comfortable everything is fine
pine board she's just
painted yes the problem of all the pits i
I think the ventilation here is a blowjob
the vent
need to do both basement ventilation and
supply and exhaust vy leakage
or how to say
mean why the circulation was there
Vlogov considered especially here in the winter summer
I still so but I'm just how are you
here here at this distance about such
small and so here a little bit
leaving such a gap special to
excess moisture came out yes it's not that
effect but hotshot instead
ventilation but in general if you are someone
plan yourself a scheme for finding
ventilation is imperative i.e. under
riding should be pulling moisture
at the very bottom it will be inlet
ventilation here so both the basement and
diagonal vest is desirable so in this
the corner means the inlet corner will be
Well, so about running my pit I
pleased with such a pit
that is, working with the car is one
pleasure you know if you want
crawled under the car the problem is driven
people even on the street jacking on
there Podlazov that it is inconvenient and
so simple and angry well from you both
always husky questions
write comments and comments questions
under the piggy bank questions and
comments thanks everyone for attention up
new meetings